#summary Development log.
#labels Featured

== 04/27/2007 ==
 * change "type" to "bean", remove "type" element in configure file.
 * optimize creating and deleting customized type bean.
 * *begin to write AutumnGen code.*

== 04/16/2007 ==
Move the defination of instance factory method from product's wrapper into factory's wrapper. That is more resonable because those methods are factory's.

== 04/05/2007 ==
Complete writing simple chinese user guide.

== 03/30/2007 ==
Compile and test with VC++ 2005.

== 03/22/2007 ==
 * erase bean's attributes: initializable and destroyable. bean supports init and destroy function however, it's decided by definition of bean wrapper.
 * optimize TypeManager object.

== 03/21/2007 ==
 * constuctor argument and property's type needn't be set in config file both, are got with wrapper.
 * bean support factory-method attibute.
 * erase name attribute from argument element.
 * tested on VC6.

== 03/18/2007 ==
 * unite IBasicType and ICombinedType into IAutumnType.
 * simplize TypeManager.
 * judge which type a value is by type bean, not TypeManager.
 * don't support property setter overloading.
 * support bean ref
 * type needn't be set in config file, can be get with wrapper

== 03/16/2007 ==
change BeanFactoryImpl to be not a singleton.

== 03/13/2007 ==
  # implement factory pattern:
   * instance factory: use "factory-bean" attribute of bean.
   * static factory method: one bean support only one factory method.
  # refine makefile to generate object file list and dependence file.
  # test ver 0.2.0 on aix, ubuntu and solaris.
  # release ver 0.2.0.

== 03/12/2007 ==
implement instance factory pattern. Tested on VC6. I used a simple way to get it: pass factory instance to bean wrapper->createBean as a constructor argument, and define it as a argument also. I will add <factory-bean> tag in schema.

== 03/06/2007 ==

fix three bugs:
  * don't close dynamic libraries when exiting progress.
  * don't free TypeManager when free BeanFactory.
  * a dead loop in TypeManager->isCustomized() function.

== 03/05/2007 ==
  * release 0.1.0 version.
